docs: New documentation (#858)
dbbs-lab/bsb-core: docs/getting-started/guide_simulation.rst

   .. _simulation-guide:

########################

> Do your first simulation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running your first simulation
```

########################

> At this point, it is assumed that you are already familiar with network construction.
> This section will guide you through configuring a simulation for your network.
> If you need assistance with network setup, please refer to the :doc:`getting started guide </getting-started/getting-started>`.
> 
> After constructing the network, the next step is to configure the simulation parameters.
> Begin by specifying the :guilabel:`simulator` to be used. Here we presents the `NEST <https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation/index.html>`_
> simulator but other simulators can also be selected. Additionally, you need to define the :guilabel:`resolution` (the time step of the simulation in milliseconds)
> and the :guilabel:`duration` (the total length of the simulation in milliseconds).
> Therefore, your simulation block should be structured as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before proceeding, ensure you're familiar with network construction. This section explains how to configure a simulation for your network. For assistance with network setup, refer to the [Getting Started Guide](#).

Once your network is built, configure the simulation parameters by selecting a simulator (e.g., [NEST](https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/)). Next, specify the **resolution** (time step in ms) and **duration** (total simulation time in ms). Your simulation block will then include these elements structured as described.
```
